Q1) What are comments?
A-Comments can be used to explain Python code, to make the code readable and to prevent execution when testing code.

Q2) Demonstrate at least 2 ways to create a comment. One should be for multiple lines.
A-Two ways to create a comment are by placing a pound-sign before the comment on a separate single line comment or by placing a pound-sign# after syntax code on the same line.

Q3) If the name of a file is app.py what do we type in the command line to tell our computer to run it?
A-You type python3 in the command line to tell the computer to run it.

Q4) Demonstrate how I can tell a Python program to display something in the command line.
A-Use python3 to display something.

6) What can I do to prevent certain files and directories from being tracked by git?
Use gitignore to prevent certain files and directories from being tracked by git.

7) What can be used in order to repeat some block of code? Provide 2 examples.
Curly braces. Explanation: Most of the programming languages like C, C++, and Java use curly braces { } to define a block of code.

8) When saving a value for later use what type of operator do we use?
Assignment operator ”=” is used to assign a value to a variable.

example:

In python - A = 10 # 10 is assigned to variable A.

In c++ - int A = 10 /* 10 is assigned to variable A.

In Golang - var A int = 10 // 10 is assigned to variable A.

9) What's the key difference between git revert and git reset?
git revert should be used to undo changes on a public branch, and git reset should be reserved for undoing changes on a private branch. 

You can also think of git revert as a tool for undoing committed changes, while git reset HEAD is for undoing uncommitted changes.


10) What's the key difference between Python lists and tuples?
The key difference between the tuples and lists is that while the tuples are immutable objects the lists are mutable. 

This means that tuples cannot be changed while the lists can be modified. Tuples are more memory efficient than the lists.


print("6) What can I do to prevent certain files and directories from being tracked by git?")
print(Use gitignore to prevent certain files and directories from being tracked by git.")


7) What can be used in order to repeat some block of code? Provide 2 examples.
Curly braces. Explanation: Most of the programming languages like C, C++, and Java use curly braces { } to define a block of code.


8) When saving a value for later use what type of operator do we use?
Assignment operator ”=” is used to assign a value to a variable.

example:

In python - A = 10 # 10 is assigned to variable A.

In c++ - int A = 10 /* 10 is assigned to variable A.

In Golang - var A int = 10 // 10 is assigned to variable A.


9) What's the key difference between git revert and git reset?
git revert should be used to undo changes on a public branch, and git reset should be reserved for undoing changes on a private branch. 

You can also think of git revert as a tool for undoing committed changes, while git reset HEAD is for undoing uncommitted changes.


10) What's the key difference between Python lists and tuples?
The key difference between the tuples and lists is that while the tuples are immutable objects the lists are mutable. 

This means that tuples cannot be changed while the lists can be modified. Tuples are more memory efficient than the lists.

11) What can I do to know where I am within my file system?
To find out which directory in python you are currently in, use the getcwd() method. Cwd is for current working directory in python. 

This returns the path of the current python directory as a string in Python. To get it as a bytes object, we use the method getcwdb().


12) Describe the anatomy of a Python dictionary and create one below.
Dictionaries are optimized to retrieve values when the key is known. The following declares a dictionary object. 

Example: Dictionary. capitals = {"USA":"Washington D.C.", "France":"Paris", "India":"New Delhi"} 

Above, capitals is a dictionary object which contains key-value pairs inside { } .


13) What type of values can be in a Python dictionary?
Values can be any type and can be used more than once. On the other hand, you can use an integer, float, string, or Boolean as a dictionary key. 

However, neither a list nor another dictionary can serve as a dictionary key, because lists and dictionaries are mutable. 


14) What type of values can be in a Python list?
Lists can contain elements of various data types. In the example, we create an objects list. 

It contains numbers, a boolean value, another list, a string, a tuple, a custom object, and a dictionary.


15) What data type are True and False?
A Boolean data type has one of two possible values (usually denoted true and false), intended to represent the two truth values of logic and Boolean algebra.


16) What language does your computer understand?
Binary code sequencing is the Machine language that gives instructions as 0's and 1's and is the only language that the computer understands.


17) What do we need in order for your computer to make use of programming languages?
A compiler is a fundamental piece of the puzzle but making a new programming language requires more than that:

1) A language has to be designed: the language creator has to take some fundamental decisions about the paradigms to be used and the syntax of the language
2) A compiler has to be created
3) A standard library must be implemented
4) Supporting tools like editors and build systems have to be provided


18) At what index is your instructor's name located in this list? ["Ron", "Troy", "Martha"]
My Instructor Troy is located in index 1 in this list. The index always starts at 0 from the left beginning or -1 from the right end.


19) What does frontend / client side mean?
Frontend / client side means the User's side, where the input is entered into the computer program.


20) What does backend / server side mean?
Backend / server side means the Developer's side, where program development, management, and updates occur to improve the Frontend experience.

21) What are 3 ways to create a Python string?
Python strings can be created with single quotes, double quotes, or triple quotes. 
When we use triple quotes, strings can span several lines without using the escape character. 


22) What are 2 types of number data types in Python? Provide an example.
Python Numbers are defined as int , float and complex classes in Python. We can use the type() function to know which class a variable or a value belongs to. 
... A floating-point number is accurate up to 15 decimal places. Integer and floating points are separated by decimal points.
Examples such as an integer (2, a whole number, 2.2, a whole number with a fractional measure, and 2e, a complex number like sqrt, exponential, etc.)

23) Are we able to add two strings together? How?
You can join strings using either the addition (+) operator or the String's concat() method.


24) What commands would you use to create the following file structure? (write every command line by line):
    cd Desktop. mkdir projects. cd projects. mkdir instagram. cd instagram. mkdir images. cd images. touch profile_image.jpg.
    cd Desktop. mkdir projects. cd projects. mkdir instagram. cd instagram. touch app.py.
    cd Desktop. mkdir projects. cd projects. mkdir tiktok. cd tiktok. mkdir clip.
    cd Desktop. mkdir projects. cd projects. mkdir tiktok. cd tiktok. touch app.py

    Desktop
    -> projects
        -> instagram
            -> images
                -> profile_image.jpg
            -> app.py
        -> tiktok
            -> clips
            -> app.py


25) What is the path to profile_image.jpg?
cd Desktop/projects/instagram/images/profile_image.jpg.


26) What commands can I use to get from the clips directory to the images directory? (write every command line by line):
cd projects 
cd instagram 
cd images


27) What method can I use to change this string from "troy" to "Troy"? 
To replace a string in Python, use the string. replace() method. 
Sometimes you will need to replace a substring with a new string, and Python has a replace() method to achieve it.
a = "troy"
print(a.upper())
return TROY

28) What method can I use to change this string from "TROY" to "troy"?
To replace a string in Python, use the string. replace() method. 
Sometimes you will need to replace a substring with a new string, and Python has a replace() method to achieve it.
a = "TROY"
print(a.lower())
return TROY

29) How can I check to see if all of the characters in a string are numbers/digits?
The isdigit() method returns True if all characters in a string are digits.


30) How can I split a string into a list with each value in the list being a line of the string?
Python string to list. To convert string to list in Python, use the string split() method. The split() method splits the strings and store them in the list. 
Then, it returns a list of the words in the string, using the “delimiter” as the delimiter string.
In Python, the new line character “\n” is used to create a new line. When inserted in a string all the characters after the character are added to a new line. 
Essentially the occurrence of the “\n” indicates that the line ends here and the remaining characters would be displayed in a new line.

